yeah so the training preparation in the
window was a bit different for me I was
doing the motocross supermoto and also
the other things you know but the main
thing was to be enjoying it and and the
begin the scene has been really strong
for me testing we wasn't worrying about
making just one fast lap you know we was
working more for like race distance and
not even showing all the cars you know
so come could come to Qatar we was we
was their spikes or veneration I was
almost there and all the practices but
it was all about race week on the race
day there for me and so far the plans
gone pretty well we just need to keep it
up and keeping control of it yes for
Austin you know we was we was working
with the bike a lot that we came because
it was a new track for everyone and for
me as well and we were struggling a lot
with the tire life and we knew we had
that problem but I mean we could do one
fast lap which you know I got my first
pole position which was a lot of
confidence for me but we knew sunday was
going to be a complete different gaming
you that we wasn't really going to win
the race but we knew we could probably
fight for a podium and even that was a
bit of a higher expectation than what we
we sort of got you learned that sort of
races you know where you just go for the
points they're not the best races to do
but they're the races that can possibly
the championship you know and we we sort
of in a safe race mean guitar was
completely gone Swagger and crashed out
hacker crashed out you know it was a
strange race order because a few guys at
the front were not people that you would
expect to be there so yeah we play that
as a bit of
race and take as many points as we come
back from work
yeah round three Perez was again a bit
different you know we had we knew go now
is going to have a hard race you know a
lot of Spanish their home race for them
and they're normally strong they're also
nothing garden is strong but the guy
that was shining all weekend was ribat
which kind of took us a bit by surprise
but anyway it's just the first bad girl
as fast as we're at this time my main
focus was just to sort of stay ahead of
the swagger of the whole weekend which
we sort of done as well but just for a
bad thing to have like two tents over me
which was hard for me to find I don't
know if he was doing something different
or whatever but in the race we got off
and he caught me off guard you know if
we made six tents and thanking the race
was almost done you know I didn't give
up i was still pushing you know to a
reasonable level but when he can go to
sent two tenths faster you know that
he's got a little bit in the pocket in
is it worth risking second place 40
points on the crash you have to take
that into mind when you're when you're
doing the 26 laps and you already feel
bit on the limit you think do I try and
catch a two-second lead and possibly
crash or should I just start off for the
20 points and in that race you know it
wasn't a swagger lead and it was robot
so for me it was better to save to 20
points try and get a bit of a gap
between me and a swagger because he's
not out for this season you know he's
going to start to come strong again it's
just got to find his way around it and
you know I think so far we played it
really well I know a lot of people say
that I wasn't a mashup contender getting
the preseason but it wasn't really as
strong as the seasons before because I
wasn't always in the front and testing
which was part of the strategy you know
but yeah it's a few races have gone on a
lot of people are staying more like you
know this could be your year blah blah
blah and they always ask you know it's
just more pressure for you and me I
always give the same answers I thrive
off that pressure you know because I
also get the part from the other side
where a lot of people say that you'll
never do it you can't do it and you know
sometimes you have to prove people wrong
and other times you have to prove people
right and you know I just do my best
every time I get on the bike and there's
nothing out
I can do so can I be world champion this
year I don't know you tell me it's a
long season to go sure we'll see in
Valencia or maybe even before what
happens but for me as long as I put a
hundred and ten percent every race day I
go out and I do the best I can and don't
make any mistakes you know we should
have a good year